>> Speaker 1: When you
profile an application,
is there any specific way
you go about doing it or
is specific to react that will help or
do you just go do the performance tab and-
>> Brian Holt: It's exactly
what I was gonna pull up right now.
So they used to have these things called
React performance tools which broke with
fiber, the React 16, cuz they
rearchitected totally how React works.
And that now they basically tell
you is like if you have problems,
you need to go to the perf tab.
Here we go.
Let's make this false too.
So that's really annoying.
>> Brian Holt: So what I would do now
if I was gonna do React profiling,
I would go to the performance tab here and
Firefox.
And I would start recording performance,
you can do this with Chrome as
well it works almost the same way.
Okay, refresh and now that it's
rendered I'm gonna say stop here.
And I'm going to look at, let's make
this a little bit bigger, top to bottom,
and I really only care about this stuff
right there, so I'd zoom into that.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe make
that a little bit smaller so
that I can see what's going on here.
And you can see all of
the stuff going in here.
You can see the recalculate styles,
the script tag, the DOM events.
And then going in here to,
>> Brian Holt: Yeah
just going through and go through all
of these various things to kind of see,
we have no performance problems here.
So this is not super interesting
to look at, but you look for
these kind of things right here, and
then you click on the JS FlameChart.
This is probably the part that's
gonna be the most useful to you.
You can see where you'r spending time.
And I actually wanna maybe make
this a little bit smaller so
I can see some of these,
where it's really diving deep in here.
So you can kinda click in here and
you can see what part of your
application is causing the slowdown.
Like here, you can see that this is
where React is doing the re-renders.
This is the workloop.
Then it performs a unit of work which is
how the new fiber architecture works.
And you can see that it has
this kinda bit of a fine graph.
But if you have a large application,
it's gonna be way deeper.